Euro Rack Junction - a buy/sell/Trading app

The Euro Rack Junction will be a simple buy/sell/trading app for a very small niche market of
 Modular Synthesis devices for a specific format which turns out to be the most popular format of the day. 
 The format defines the size of the modules that can all be placed in a rack and patched together with patch cables or MIDI connectors for the purposes
 of Musical exploration, sound production and Electronic musical performance. 

 1) A user will be able to register a simple profile  with their address defined (for when and if they purchase an item)
    a)  Note that shipping info might later be put in the shopping cart portion  of app. 

2) Once logged in, the user will initially see a listing of module devices that have been posted by other users. 

3) If the user selects the line or displayed thumbnail image of the device Or press the "show" link, they will 
be taken to the Show Item page, which will display characteristics of the device including name, manufacturer, condition, 
dimensions (knon as HP or horizontal pitch) 1 U or 3 U which defines the rack size it fits in.  and depth (how deep the module extends into the rack).

4) The item will describe the function within a modular synthesizer system, such as Oscillator, envelope, Sequencer, triggering, utility, and a plethor of 
    other modular uses. 

5) A description field will also be included as a text field for a more complete description of the Item, including URL's to the manufacturors site. 

6)  If the user decides to buy, they can add it to the shopping cart and then have to option to go to the cart to checkout. 

7) I have not yet worked out what the shopping cart portion will look like.  I will need to investigate Some shopping API's like Strype or Paypal

8)  From the listing page, the user can also choose to post a module they wish to sell. 

9)  They can also edit a previous posted sale item if the item is their own.

10)  The post and edit page will include fields for all the common characteristics as well as a a description field and here they can upload an image of their object. 

11) Obviously they will be able to edit a previous posting and be able to change any of the fields and change the image if they wish. 

12)  The user will also be able to define a price...  Shipping hopefully will be calculated based on the location and shipping method chosen by the buyer. 

13)  Finally there will be a shopping cart page, I have not defined that yet because I need more research into the shopping API and what that involves. 

14) The Github URL for this Monster is here: https://github.com/JeffGreenlee42/EuroRack-Junction

